Q1. Pg 126 Optimality of td(0), wouldnt batch updating induce bias since same experience is being used again 
and again to estimate the value function? Could you discuss how batch updating is used in practice?
Q2. Pg 127 There is the line: "The answer is that the Monte Carlo method is optimal only in a limited way, 
and that TD is optimal in a way that is more relevant to predicting returns" , Could you discuss the optimiality of TD(0) wrt to MC?
Q3. Pg 128, Could you give the intuition behind why TD(0) estimates maximum likelihood estimate?
Q4. Pg 133 paragraph above the graph, the line :" Expected Sarsa retains the signiﬁcant advantage of Sarsa over Q-learning on this problem."
i unclear to me. COuld you please explain sarsa's and expected sarsa's significant advanatge over q-learning.
Q5. Could you discuss why leaf backup is needed for off policy learning without importance sampling?


Summary
TD Learning approximates the return of monte carlo markov methods by taking the reward of the next step
and discounting the value estimate of the next state.
This update rule is used to learn the v function.
    v(s) <-- v(s) + a(R+y*V(s')-v(s)), where s' is the next state, y discount factor, a Learning rate

TD methods converge under the same conditions as MC methods. Plus they have been observed to converge faster.

MC methods find values that minimize the mse loss, whereas TD(0) learns according to the maximum likelihood.

TD(0) methods find the underlying markov chain from the data. This principle is called certainty-equivalence
estimate. But it is alwyas not feasible to compute the underlying model directly especially when the state space is huge.

SARSA TD(0): estimating q(s,a) function by using one step forward.
SARSA estimates q for policy pi and then optimizes policy pi wrt q greedily.
It converges with a probability of one if e-greedy algorithm is used in policy given there are infinute trials.

Q Learning: off policy method to estimate q* directly.
Convergence guarantees when infinite trials and learning rate follows stochatic approximation conditions. 
q(s,a) <--- q(s,a)+alpha*(r+y*max q(s',a') - q(s,a))
The policy has na effect over which states are traversed, but under infinite trails this is guaranteed to 
converge.
Expected SARSA: removes the variance of seleting random action a in sarsa.
Double Learning: Removing the maximisation bias. Two Q functions learned with each being sampled 50% of the times
to learn thq function.  Both functions are identical and can be interchangeably by algortihms for policy determination.

n-step TD learning relaxes the next step constraint. Instead of using that, next n steps are used to approximate the reward function.
The value estimate gets updated after n steps since n steps need to be unrolled to calculte the target.
For sarsa, everything remain same except v , q is estimated.
In expectation, n step performs better estimates of target than using the value function of the next state.
This property guarantees the convergence property of the nstep bootstrapping. 

For off policy learning, importance smapling comes into play with everything remaining similar to 
n step TD , with the update being weighted with the probabilities ratios.
 Off-policy learning without importance smapling